5.	Ticketing system – an advanced ticketing system…commands:-----------------------[Public commands] -----------------------/Help - displays an embed with every command and its purpose, including cooldowns if there is any, purpose and so on, features too./report - to report a user, this command will have 3 required inputs, Who?, Why?, When?, then the report will be sent to a unique channel called "Reports" and will be displayed as an embed with 2 buttons, "Dismiss" (Dismisses the report with no actions), "Take Action" (displays further buttons with actions such as mute, kick, ban) "/Suggest - allows the person to suggest, it requires 2 inputs of "Title" and the "Suggestion" and those suggestions will go to a specific channel called " Suggestions" displayed as an embed with 2 buttons "Dismiss" and "Keep" if clicked keeps it and if clicked dismiss it deletes is-----------------------[Administration]--------------------------/Ban - 3 required inputs, Duration, Reason, Username and once banned the info will be sent to a logging channel within the server and as a DM to the banned person/Mute - 3 required inputs, Duration, reason, and username once muted the info will be sent to a logging channel within the server and as a DM to the muted person./Kick – 3 required inputs, Reason and username, once kicked the info will be sent to a logging channel within the server and as a DM to the kicked person/Warn – 3 required inputs, Reason username and duration, once warned the info will be sent to a logging channel within the server and as a DM to the warned person./GivePermission – a way to give permission such as mute warn kick ban to whomever needed./Purge – deletes set amount of messages from a channel, Ex. (Purge 10) deletes 10 messages/ChannelLock – makes me able to stop everyone from typing in a specific channel /ChannelUnlock/EmbedSend – allows me to send an embed… with all its known features./GiveawayStart – start a giveaway, 3 required inputs, duration(1s, 1m, 1h, 1d, 1w, 1m), title(required), Body(optional), Prize(Required), with a live countdown timer within the embed itself/giveawayEnd – ends giveaway using ID/GiveawayReroll – rerolls using ID/MakeStickyNote – it will Highlight important server messages at the bottom of the channel and keep your members updated.Note:obviously add everything that is related to the features such as /invites leaderboard, level leader board and /rank etc….